 QNXMomentics Non-Commercial (NC) End User License Agreement
 ===========================================================

 This QNX Momentics Non-Commercial (NC) End User License Agreement
 (comprising Part A – Background, Part B – Standard Terms & Conditions, and
 Part C – Supplementary / Alternative Third Party Software Terms,
 collectively “this Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and QSS,
 and is made effective as of the date of your acceptance of this Agreement,
 as defined above. The parties agree as follows.


 Part A -  Background.

 A1   QSS has developed and licenses a general purpose modular real-time
 operating system known as the QNX Neutrino RTOS (“Neutrino RTOS” ). Its
 microkernel architecture provides an extensible operating system
 framework, which is based on the foundational components of the Core OS
 technology. Additional operating system services are implemented by
 plugging in modules from other elements of the Neutrino RTOS (e.g.,
 Networking, File Systems, GUI, Web Client (browsers), etc.).

 QSS also offers bundles of related software development tools (together
 with the relevant Neutrino RTOS components, collectively the “QNX
 Momentics Development Suites”), for developers to use to create Neutrino
 RTOS-based devices (“Target Systems”, as further defined below). These
 development suites include a variety of development tools, including
 compilers, debuggers, libraries, headers, utilities, sample source code,
 etc. See the QNX Momentics Development Suite License Guide at
 http://licensing.qnx.com/published/eula/QDSLG1_03.html (“License Guide” )
 for a description of what’s included and how it’s bundled. You can also
 contact QSS for a hardcopy. Embedded system developers typically build
 Target Systems using the QNX Momentics development suits by:

 (a)     developing the requisite code to make the Neutrino RTOS
 operational on their target hardware (i.e., a board support package
 comprising IPL, start-up and drivers – various parts of which may be
 available from QSS in binary form for supported processors and peripherals
 or, alternatively, which may be developed from scratch or derived from
 QSS-supplied sample source code); and

 (b)     integrating Neutrino RTOS object code programs, libraries and
 utilities with files they generate using QNX Momentics Development Suite
 tools in order to define the operating system’s operational constraints,
 to tailor its functionality and, if equipped with a GUI, to tailor its
 appearance, in order to satisfy the requirements of the intended device.

 Over the course of a Target System’s life cycle, developers typically
 change hardware platforms (requiring a repetition of step (a) above)
 and/or upgrade software stacks (e.g., to adopt new versions of the
 Neutrino RTOS, or of third party software and/or custom components) in
 order to enhance the device’s performance and functionality, or to reduce
 its cost.



 A2   This Agreement is intended to provide you with license rights to a
 copy of the non-commercial version of the QNX Momentics Development Suite
 (“QNX Momentics NC”) solely for use for Non-Commercial Purposes (as
 defined below).  This Agreement does not offer any support or custom
 engineering services (see http://www.qnx.com/suppor t/index.html  for an
 explanation of  QSS’s Standard and Priority Support Plan offerings), nor
 does it authorize any Software distribution. Contact your authorized QNX
 sales representative for more information about a commercial license and
 related QSS support plans, or to inquire about your custom engineering
 service and runtime distribution license options.



 Part B - Standard Terms & Conditions



 B1    General Definitions.   In this Agreement:



 (a)     “Commercially Released” means formally released, generally
 available, and fully supported by QSS. It does not include “Experimental”,
 “engineering”, “beta”, “trial” or “unsupported” components.

 (b)     “Derivative Work” means any modification, adaptation, enhancement,
 translation, or combination of software source code that, in the absence
 of this Agreement or other authorization from QSS or its licensors, would
 constitute infringement of their Intellectual Property under applicable
 law.

 (c)     “Documentation” means any developer documentation, read-me files
 and release notes that are provided in or for Commercially Released
 Software.

 (d)     “Error” means when the Commercially Released Software does not
 behave the way the associated Documentation says it should and the problem
 can be reproduced on a Reference Target.  It does not include problems
 resulting from modifications to, or incorrect or improper use of, the
 Software.

 (e)     “Intellectual Property” means all patent rights, copyrights and
 rights relating to the protection of confidential information arising
 under statutory or common law, and whether or not perfected.

 (f)      “License Guide” means version QDSLG1_03 of the QNX Momentics
 Development Suite License Guide published at
 http://licensing.qnx.com/published/eula/QDSLG1_03.html.  Copies may also
 be obtained directly from QSS.

 (g)     “Licensed Seat” means one developer using the Software on one
 development host computer to perform Neutrino RTOS development. It does
 not include two or more developers using one or more computers to share
 the same Software (e.g., using QNX Phindows or otherwise), even if their
 use is only part-time and/or is not concurrent.

 (h)     “Non-Commercial Purposes” means:

 (i)     to evaluate the Software and to do exploratory development and
 "proof of concept" prototyping of Target Systems, Neutrino RTOS software
 applications and Neutrino RTOS device drivers, whether at home for
 personal use or at work as a prototyping tool.  However, if you or your
 employer get serious about developing a commercial version of such items,
 and you want to continue using the QNX Momentics Development Suite for
 your development, then you will need to purchase a commercial license;

 (ii)      to use the Software to develop new and to port existing software
 applications and device drivers to the Neutrino RTOS, provided that such
 software applications and device drivers are solely for your own personal
 use, or provided that they are made available for free use and
 distribution by other QNX Momentics Development Suite users under terms
 equivalent to the QNX Public License (“QPL”, as published at
 http://licensing.qnx.com). A commercial QNX Momentics Development Suite
 license is required for porting software applications for commercial
 distribution (contact QSS’s Alliances group for more details); and

 (iii)     to use the Runtime Components as an end-user, provided that it
 is only for personal use by an individual and not for the purpose of
 generating revenue or in-kind consideration, or for productive use of the
 Neutrino RTOS in the operation of a business or enterprise.

 (i)       “Object Code” means computer programming code substantially in
 binary form, and includes header files of the type necessary for use or
 interoperation with other computer programs.  It is directly executable by
 a computer or may require processing or linking (but without compilation
 or assembly).

 (j)       “Reference Target” means, in respect of a particular Software
 version, a hardware platform on which QSS commercially supports the
 Commercially Released Software. See  http://qdn.qnx.com/support/sd_hardwar
 e/ or contact support@qnx.com for a current list.

 (k)      “Software” means all of the Object Code and Source Code included
 in the version of QNX Momentics NC that you have or intend to download. It
 includes associated Documentation, any Software updates or supplemental
 releases that are made available to licensees of QNX Momentics NC free of
 charge, and any Solutions provided to you pursuant to Section B6 (Limited
 Warranty). The contents and characteristics of QNX Momentics NC are
 further described in the License Guide.

 (i)       “Type I Software” means any Commercially Released Software other
 than Type II or Type III Software.  It includes QSS proprietary code and
 may include some third party proprietary code and/or open source code.

 (ii)      “Type II Software” means any Commercially Released Software
 identified as “Type II” or Collateral Code” in the License  Guide.  Type
 II Software may be licensed to you under alternative, or sublicensed to
 you under amended, end user license terms – as referenced in Part C. It
 may include third party proprietary and open source code.

 (iii)     “Type III Software” means any Commercially Released Software
 identified as “Type III” or “As Is Code” in the License  Guide and all
 Software that is not Commercially Released. Type III Software is licensed,
 or sublicensed to you strictly on an “as is” basis, and may be licensed to
 you under alternative, or sublicensed to you under amended, end user
 license terms – as referenced in Part C. It may include third party
 proprietary code and/or open source code.

 (iv)    “Runtime Components” means any Software components that are
 intended to be integrated into, and to be distributed as an integral part
 of, Target Systems – as described in applicable Documentation.  Runtime
 Components of the Software are also described in the QNX Neutrino Runtime
 Operating System Runtime Technologies section of the License Guide.

 (v)     “Development Tool Components” means any Software components other
 than Runtime Components.

 (l)       “Solution” means an explanation, workaround or patch that
 addresses an Error.

 (m)    “Source Code” means computer programming code that is human
 readable when printed out or displayed.

 (n)     “Target System” means any product into which any Runtime
 Components have been wholly or partially integrated, provided that the
 product: (i) significantly enhances the function and value of the Runtime
 Components, and (ii) has a substantially different principal purpose than
 that of the Runtime Components, or any other Runtime Components offered by
 QSS as part of its products..

 (o)     Other capitalized terms defined in any part of this Agreement will
 have their indicated meaning throughout this Agreement.



 B2    License Rights.



 (a)     Grant of Software License.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement
 and during the applicable term, QSS hereby grants to you, for one Licensed
 Seat, and solely for Non-Commercial Purposes, a non-exclusive, personal
 and non-transferable license to:

 (i)       copy the Software as required to install it on and to follow
 normal back-up and archiving practices for, one development host;

 (ii)      use, execute, display and perform the Software, on the
 development host and in accordance with associated Documentation, for the
 purpose of developing, testing and maintaining Target Systems;

 (iii)     create Derivative Works of Software Source Code and, subject to
 the provisions of Section B4 (Confidential Information), copy, compile,
 link, use, execute, display and perform such Derivative Works, on the
 development host and in accordance with associated Documentation, for the
 purpose of developing, testing and maintaining Target Systems;

 (iv)    copy, link, use, execute, display and perform the Runtime
 Components, and the Object Code of any Derivative Works created pursuant
 to (iii) above, as required to install and use them on a  Target System.

 You may demonstrate QNX Momentics NC, or any Target System or ported
 application based thereon, provided that you clearly qualify it as
 “Demonstration Only”.  You hereby agree to indemnify and hold QSS harmless
 from and against any claim or action arising out of any such use of the
 Software. This Agreement does not authorize the sub-licensing, transfer or
 distribution of any part of the Software to any third party. Full
 commercial development and OEM distribution licenses are available from
 QSS. Contact your sales representative or sales@qnx.com for more
 information.



 (b)     NC License Limitations.  You do not qualify for any Software
 license rights if you were a former QNX Momentics NC licensee whose
 license terminated for breach of your license agreement terms.  All rights
 not expressly granted are reserved to QSS and its licensors.  Except as
 expressly provided herein, this Agreement does not authorise the
 sub-licensing, transfer or distribution of any part of the Software to any
 third party.

 (c)     License for Software Source Code. Certain Software Source Code may
 contain license headers that refer to the QNX Open Community License
 (“OCL”), QNX Community License (“QCL”), and/ or QNX Confidential Source
 License (“CSL”, collectively the “QNX Source Code Licenses”).
 Notwithstanding reference to the QNX Source Code Licenses, the Software
 Source Code is subject to the terms of this Agreement.



 (d)     Third Party Software.  Parts of the Software may contain third
 party code. Type I Software is licensed (or sublicensed) to you under the
 standard terms of this Agreement and may include additional license terms.
 Type II Software and Type III Software may be licensed to you under
 amended or alternative terms. Those terms, and any Software authorship
 attribution and like notices that QSS is obliged to provide to you, are
 referenced in Part C or the License Guide and  are published in the
 corresponding Third Party Open Source license Terms Guide at http://licen
 sing.qnx.com/published/eula/index/html.  Unless expressly provided
 otherwise, all third party code is provided to you solely for use in
 association with the Neutrino RTOS and, in the case of hardware-specific
 components, only for use in association with hardware from that
 manufacturer (e.g., any third party code in Epson printer drivers is
 restricted to use in association with Epson printers only).



 (e)  Use Restrictions.  Unless expressly permitted by this Agreement, by
 applicable law, or by QSS in writing, you agree not to:

 (i)       alter, remove, or cover any trademark, logo, proprietary or
 licensing notices, labels or marks in or on any part of the Software,
 including in any "about" box, "flash" / "splash" screen or documentation.
 You agree to use reasonable efforts to ensure that all copies of the
 Software bear any notices, labels or marks contained in or on the
 original;

 (ii) &nbs p;    decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, unbundle,
 translate or otherwise attempt or assist others to reverse engineer any
 part of the Software, including circumventing any license key activation
 or evaluation period expiry mechanisms, except as necessary, when
 permitted by an applicable law, to correct defects or achieve
 inter-operability with complementary programs, for your purposes only, but
 only if QSS has refused to provide the necessary information or
 assistance; or

 (iii)     directly or indirectly, export, import or transmit the Software
 to any country in contravention of the laws of that country or the laws of
 Canada or the United States. Without restricting the foregoing, the
 Software contains encryption capabilities and certain governments may
 regulate the export or import of the Software.

         Unless QSS has provided you with express written consent, the
 Software may not be used in any application in which death, personal
 injury, or severe physical or property damage  is a foreseeable
 consequence of a Software failure (collectively, "High-Risk
 Applications"), including but not limited to the operation of nuclear
 facilities, mass transit systems, aircraft navigation or aircraft
 communication systems, air traffic control, weapon systems, and direct
 life support machines. QSS expressly disclaims any express or implied
 warranty or condition of fitness for High-Risk Applications.

 (f)    Restricted Rights. If you are a U.S. government or quasi-government
 entity, then you should be aware that the Software is a "commercial item",
 as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of
 "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
 documentation", as such terms are used in 48 CFR 12.1212 (Sept. 1995).
 Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.1212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through
 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all such customers acquire the Software with only
 those rights set forth herein. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S.
 government is subject to restrictions as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1(a)
 and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) (OCT 1988), FAR
 12.212(a)(1995), FAR 52.227-19, or FAR 52.227-14 (ALT III), as applicable.
 QNX Software Systems Ltd.



 B3  Ownership.

 (a)     Software.  QSS and its suppliers retain all right, title and
 interest in and to the Software, including all Intellectual Property
 therein.  All copies will be considered Software for the purpose of this
 Agreement and shall remain the property of QSS and its suppliers. Subject
 to any underlying rights in the Software, and any Feedback provided under
 subsection (b) below, you retain all right, title and interest in and to
 any Derivative Works and application software that you develop pursuant to
 this Agreement.



 (b)     Feedback.  At your option, QSS would like to get feedback about
 its products (i.e., regarding their utility, reliability, performance,
 user acceptance, and any features or functionality that you would like to
 see in future versions). QSS would also like to hear about any problems
 that you have encountered.  In order to incorporate suggested
 improvements, QSS requires, and you hereby agree, to assign and waive all
 right, title and interest (if any) in and to any QSS-specific
 Improvements, including any associated Intellectual Property and moral
 rights, to and on behalf of QSS. In this paragraph "QSS-specific
 Improvements" means any work-arounds, error corrections, enhancements or
 other suggestions or improvements to the Software that you provide to QSS.



 B4    Confidential Information.



 (a)     Definition.  “Confidential Information” means any information
 disclosed by one party (“Discloser”) to another party (“Recipient”) for
 the purpose of performing or exercising rights under this Agreement
 (“Purpose”): (i) in source code, (ii) in a document clearly marked
 “Confidential” (or equivalent), or (c) otherwise in any manner or form,
 provided it is clearly identified at disclosure as confidential and,
 within thirty (30) days of disclosure, is summarized and delivered to
 Recipient in a document marked “Confidential” (or equivalent).
 Confidential Information does not include any information which is:

 (i)       available to the public other than by reason of Recipient’s
 breach of this Agreement;

 (ii)      rightfully received by Recipient from a third party without
 disclosure or use restrictions;

 (iii)     independently developed by or on behalf of Recipient;

 (iv)    previously known to Recipient other than by reason of a prior
 confidential disclosure from or on behalf of Discloser;

 (v)     hereinafter disclosed by Discloser to a third party without
 disclosure restrictions;  or

 (vi)    compelled to be disclosed in a public manner pursuant to legal,
 judicial or administrative proceedings or otherwise as required by law,
 subject to Recipient giving all reasonable prior notice to Discloser  to
 allow it  to seek protective or other court orders.

 (b)     Use and Disclosure Restrictions.  Recipient shall only:

 (i)       use Discloser’s Confidential Information as necessary to achieve
 the Purpose for which it was disclosed, and

 (ii)      disclose Discloser’s Confidential Information to persons who
 have a need to know to achieve the Purpose for which it was disclosed, and
 who are employees of Recipient, or of Recipient’s affiliates, or of
 Recipient’s and Recipient’s affiliates’ Consultants or professional
 advisors, provided that all recipients within such classes are bound by
 law or are subject to agreements that provide obligations at least as
 protective of the Confidential Information as the provisions of this
 Section B4.

         Recipient shall protect the Confidential Information of Discloser
 by using the same degree of care, but no less than reasonable care, to
 prevent the unauthorized dissemination or publication and unauthorized use
 of the Confidential Information as Recipient uses to protect its own
 confidential information of like nature. Recipient shall only make copies
 of the Confidential Information as necessary to achieve the Purpose for
 which it was disclosed. Recipient shall reproduce Discloser’s proprietary
 rights notices on all copies in the same manner in which such notices were
 set forth in or on the original. The mingling of Confidential Information
 with information that falls within one or more of the exceptions in this
 Section B4 shall not impair the status of, or the obligations of
 confidence and non-use respecting, the confidential parts.



 (c)     Duration of Obligations.   The provisions of this Section B4 shall
 only apply to Confidential Information first disclosed on or after the
 date of this Agreement.  Each Recipient’s duty to protect Confidential
 Information disclosed to it will survive termination of this Agreement
 indefinitely in respect of source code, but will end on the third
 anniversary of the date of termination of this Agreement in respect of all
 other Confidential Information. All Confidential Information furnished by
 Discloser to Recipient, and all copies thereof, which are in the
 possession or control of Recipient or its disclosees shall be and remain
 the property of Discloser and shall be promptly returned to Discloser or
 destroyed on termination of this Agreement. Recipient may retain one copy
 of Discloser's Confidential Information in the confidential, restricted
 access files of its legal department for use only to prove compliance with
 the terms of this Agreement.



 B5    Intellectual Property 

    (a)     No Knowledge of Infringement. To the best of QSS’ knowledge, the
    Software does not infringe the Intellectual Property rights of any third
    party.

    (b)     Remedy.   Upon QSS’ reasonable belief that an infringement of
    third party rights may occur, QSS may, at its sole expense and option: (i)
    procure for you the right to continue using the infringing Software; (ii)
    replace the infringing Software with non-infringing software of comparable
    function; (iii) modify the infringing Software to be non-infringing; or
    (iv) if in the sole discretion of QSS none of the foregoing alternatives
    is found to be reasonably available, QSS may terminate your rights to the
    Software.

    (c)   Exclusive Remedy. This Section B5 states your exclusive remedy for
    infringement of intellectual property rights by the Software.

                

 B6    Limited Warranty.

 (a)     Background.  As indicated in Part A, the Neutrino RTOS Software is
 a general purpose modular realtime operating system. You will select a
 subset of its modules for use in a unique hardware and software
 environment to achieve certain functionality and performance. Ultimately,
 you may find that you cannot achieve your desired results.  While QSS is
 committed to providing a versatile and reliable product, it does not
 warrant that the Software will function in accordance with corresponding
 Documentation in every combination of hardware platform, software
 environment and Software configuration. You acknowledge that software bugs
 are likely to be encountered when Software is used in your particular
 application. You therefore accept the responsibility of satisfying
 yourself that the Software is suitable for your intended use. This
 includes conducting rigorous testing of the Software in combination with
 your value-added software application(s) on your target hardware platform
 prior to its initial release, as well as prior to the release of any
 related software or hardware modifications or enhancements. QSS offers a
 Priority Support Plan and custom engineering services to help developers
 identify and solve particular Software implementation issues.

 (b)     Limited Warranty. If you paid to receive a copy of the Software on
 CDROM, then QSS warrants that this media will be free from defects in
 material and workmanship under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days
 from the date of QSS’s corresponding invoice. QSS is not responsible for
 media defects that result from accident or abuse. Your sole remedy for any
 breach of this limited warranty will be to receive replacement media.

 As your Licensed Seat for the Software is free (or essentially free), QSS 
 OFFERS NO OTHER WARRANTY ON THE SOFTWARE under this Agreement.  If
 notwithstanding this section B6(b) or section B6(c), a court implies any
 warranty or condition then your sole remedy, and QSS' sole obligation, for
 any breach of such a term will be, at QSS's option, to either:

 (i)       provide you with a free Solution for use as an interim fix until
 QSS provides you with a free Commercially Released Software update that
 corrects the problem; or

 (ii)      terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section B8 (Term &
 Termination) and,  upon confirmation that you have complied with Section
 B8(c) (Implication of Termination), QSS will provide a refund of any fees
 that you paid to QSS for your Licensed Seat.

 (c)     Warranty Disclaimer.

 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SOFTWARE PRODUCTS AND ANY
 SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY
 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.
  NOTHING STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL IMPLY THAT THE OPERATION OF ANY
 SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTTERUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT ERRORS WILL BE
 CORRECTED. OTHER WRITTEN OR ORAL STATEMENTS BY QSS, ITS REPRESENATITVES OR
 OTHERS DO NOT CONSTITUTE WARRANTIES OF QSS.


 B7    Limitation of Liability.

 (a)     Limitation.

 IN NO EVENT WILL QSS OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES, OR THEIR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,
 AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, DISTRIBUTORS, OR LICENSORS, (COLLECTIVELY, QSS AND ITS
 REPRESENTATIVES) BE LIABLE TO YOU, YOUR CONSULTANTS, OR ANY OTHER THIRD
 PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
 WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST REVENUE, LOST OR DAMAGED
 DATA, OR OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
 ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY USE OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE
 PRODUCTS, OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED OR INABILITY TO OBTAIN SERVICES, EVEN
 IF QSS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR CLAIM.

 IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF QSS AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES
 FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN
 CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES YOU HAVE PAID TO QSS
 FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS
 B6(c) (WARRANTY DICSCLAIMER) AND THIS SECTION B7 SHALL SURVIVE AND APPLY
 NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

 (b)   Third Party Beneficiaries.  Certain licensors of QSS, a full list of
 which is available upon request, are third-party beneficiaries to this
 Agreement to the extent that this Agreement contains provisions that
 relate to your use of software in which such licensors have an interest.
 These provisions are made expressly for the benefit of such licensors and
 are enforceable by them in addition to QSS. NEITHER QSS NOR ANY OF ITS
 REPRESENTATIVES MAKES OR PASSES ON TO YOU OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES, ANY
 WARRANTY OR  REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF QSS'S LICENSORS.



 B8     Term & Termination.

 (a)     Term of this Agreement.  This term of this Agreement will commence
 on the date of your acceptance of this Agreement, as indicated above, and
 will continue indefinitely thereafter until terminated under subsections
 (b) below.

 (b)     Termination.  You may terminate this Agreement at any time.  It
 will be deemed to terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any
 material term herein.

 (c)     Implication of Termination.  The provisions of this Agreement that
 are expressed or by their sense and context are intended to survive the
 termination of this Agreement will survive, including Section B3
 (Ownership), B4 (Confidential Information), B5 (Intellectual Property), B6
 (Limited Warranty), B7(Limitation of Liability), this Section B8 and
 Section B9 (General). Upon termination your license rights end any you
 shall immediately destroy all whole or partial copies of the Software that
 are in your possession or control. Termination is without prejudice to any
 right or remedy that may have accrued, or be accruing to either party
 prior to termination.

 B9    General

 (a)     Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, comprising Parts A, B and C,
 along with the License Guide and any other terms expressly referenced by
 this Agreement (including third party terms referenced in Part C or in the
 License Guide), constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
 pertaining to its subject matter and supercedes any prior or
 contemporaneous agreement, representation, statement, negotiation or
 undertaking dealing with the same subject matter. No amendment,
 modification or waiver of any part of this Agreement will be binding
 unless in a written document that expressly refers to this Agreement and
 that is signed by both parties. Except as otherwise expressly contemplated
 in Part A, the terms and conditions of this Agreement will prevail over
 any inconsistent or additional terms or conditions of either party’s
 purchase orders or invoices.

 (b)     Assignment.  Subject to the export restrictions in Section B2(e),
 you may not assign this Agreement to any third party. Any attempted
 assignment or delegation in violation of the foregoing will be void and of
 no effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
 the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

 (c)     Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed
 in accordance with the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada
 without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. The parties
 hereby irrevocably waive: (1) the provisions of the United Nations
 Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and (2) any
 right to a trial by jury regarding the resolution of any dispute between
 the parties hereto arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.


 PART C - Supplementary / Alternative Third Party Software Terms.

 C1   Supplementary Terms.

 (a)     Open Source Terms.   QSS and its licensors have used various open
 source contributions in parts of the Software (e.g., the full TCP/IP
 protocol stack and many of the TCP/IP utilities are based on the TCP/IP
 protocol stack and utilities from the popular NetBSD 1.5 distribution).
 These are referenced in the License Guide and the corresponding license
 terms are published at licensing.qnx.com. To the extent it is entitled,
 QSS sublicenses these derivative works to you as Type I, Type II or Type
 III Software, as indicated in the License Guide.  Any terms of this
 Agreement that differ from the terms of these open licenses are offered to
 you by QSS alone, and not by any other licensor.

 (b)     Momentics IDE.  If the Software that you license includes the
 Momentics Integrated Development Environment, then you are hereby advised
 that the Momentics IDE is based in part on software developed for
 eclipse.org. Source code for these components is available from
 www.eclipse.org, under the Common Public License (“CPL”, see
 http://www.eclipse.org/legal/cpl-v05.html).  As a requirement of the CPL,
 QSS hereby:

 (i)     disclaims on behalf of all Eclipse.org Contributors all warranties
 and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of
 title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of
 merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;

 (ii)    excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages,
 including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages,
 such as lost profits; and

 (iii)   states that any provisions which differ from the Common Public
 License are offered by QSS alone and not by any other party.

 (c)     Mozilla Browser. If the Software that you install includes the
 Mozilla browser then the Software includes software licensed under the
 Mozilla and Netscape Public Licenses, version 1.1 ("MPL/NPL"). To meet its
 obligations under the MPL/NPL, QSS provides source code for all of its
 modifications to the Mozilla organization for posting and download at
 www.mozilla.org for use under the terms of the MPL/NPL. Any terms of this
 Agreement that differ from the terms of the MPL/NPL are offered to you by
 QSS alone, and not by any other Initial Developer or Contributor (as
 defined in the MPL/NPL).

 (d)     Early Access.  In order to give you the earliest possible access
 to the latest QNX Momentics Development Suite technology QSS may provide
 you with access to “Experimental” and “Beta” Software components. This
 Software may not been fully optimised and tested.  As such it shall be
 deemed to be Type III Software for the purpose of this Agreement and you
 acknowledge that you are not authorised to use any such Software: (i) in a
 live operating environment, (ii) with data that has not been sufficiently
 backed up, or (iii) for benchmark or performance testing. You should
 expect such Software to be somewhat unreliable. It is your responsibility
 to take adequate precautions to prevent damage to your resources in the
 event Beta or Experimental Software fails. QSS intends that all Beta (but
 not necessarily Experimental) Software components will be offered as
 commercial versions; however, we cannot guarantee if or when this will
 happen. You should also be aware that significant changes may be made to
 such components before they are commercially released. Beta and
 Experimental Software code will be clearly identified as such during
 installation, or will be clearly marked by QSS in corresponding release
 notes and/or in associated headers.  Contact QSS is you have any questions
 regarding the release status of any Software.

 (e)     Trial Software.   QSS may include certain QNX Neutrino RTOS
 applications in the Software solely for demonstration and internal
 evaluation/trial purposes (e.g., Macromedia Flash 4).  Such Software is
 identified in the License Guide as “Trial Software” and shall be deemed to
 be Type III Software for the purpose of this Agreement.  QSS may require
 that you obtain distribution and/or support services for such trial
 Software directly from QSS’s licensor.

 (f)      Multiple Copies of Software.  Notwithstanding the provisions of
 Section B2 (License Rights) you are not authorized to make multiple copies
 of the following software programs, in whole or in part, except as
 required under Section B2(a)(i):

 (i)     Truetype Font Renderer software;

 (ii)    Japanese and Chinese language supplement software;

 (iii)   EMANATE and EMANATE/Lite software;

 (iv)   Websphere Studio Device Developer; and

 (v)   any Software provided under subsection (e) (Trial Software) above.

 (g)   Limited Patent License.  Certain Software products noted in the
 License Guide (including the QNX Momentics Multimedia Development Kit, the
 Automotive Development Bundle, the MOST Networking Drivers and the MOST
 Driver Development Kit, the Infotainment Source Kit, the Framework for
 multimedia applications, the Media Player Application, and Multimedia
 Filters and Codecs) provide software for implementing products or systems
 that may require additional patent license rights.  QSS only licenses to
 you the Intellectual Property interests in such Software that it owns,
 patent license rights (if any) that it expressly identifies in the License
 Guide for such Software, and any third party copyright interests in these
 Software Products.  It is your responsibility to obtain any additional
 rights, from individuals or from patent consortia, before making, using or
 selling any infringing product or system that contains or uses such
 Software.

 (h)   Copyright Notices and Attributions.   Some of QSS’s licensors
 require the reproduction of certain copyright notices and authorship
 attributions in QSS documentation. Those that relate to software
 referenced in the License Guide and are published at licensing.qnx.com,
 along with the related license terms. Those relating to other Software are
 as follows:

 (i)       Dinkum C/C++ or Abridged C++ Library: Copyright (c) 1989-2000 by
 P.J. Plauger with portions derived from books copyright 1992-2000 by P.J.
 Plauger. All rights reserved.

 (ii)    SNMP Software (EMANATE / EMANATE/Lite and related tools). Copying
 and distribution is by permission of SNMP Research International, Inc.


   Alternative Terms.

 (a)     GPL & LGPL.  Notwithstanding any fees paid by you for a Software
 license, no license fees are payable for any components identified in the
 License Guide as licensed under the GPL or LGPL and Source Code for all of
 this GPL/LGPL software is available for free download at:
 ftp://ftp.qnx.com/usr/free.  We are not allowed to sub-license the GNU
 Libraries to you.  Instead, you are deemed to have your own direct license
 from the original licensee, as follows.  Any terms of this Agreement that
 differ from the terms of these licenses are offered to you by QSS alone.

 (i)     The GNU development tools and certain other utilities noted in the
 License Guide are licensed to you under the GNU General Public License -
 Version 2, a copy of which has been reproduced in the Documentation and
 has been published in the corresponding Third Party Open Source License
 Terms Guide at http://licen sing.qnx.com/published/eula/index.html.

 (ii)    Certain libraries (e.g., GNU C++) noted in the License Guide are
 licensed to you under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License -
 Version 2.1, a copy of which has been reproduced in the Documentation and
 has been published in the corresponding Third Party Open Source License
 Terms Guide at http://licen sing.qnx.com/published/eula/index.html. To
 meet its obligations under the GNU LGPL, QSS only dynamically links to
 such libraries. 


 You are prohibited from statically linking any part of the Software to any
 code licensed under the LGPL or otherwise using any GPL or LGPL licensed
 code with other parts of the Software in a manner that would require
 redistribution of such Software under either of those licenses.

 (b)     Third Party Software – Unsupported.  As a convenience to
 developers, QSS offers access to certain software (e.g., mail editors,
 email clients, utilities, games, etc.) that has been ported to the QNX
 Neutrino RTOS.  This software, which is provided on a CD ROM labeled
 “Third Party Software – Unsupported” (or which may be provided for
 download with the same markings), is not licensed under this Agreement. 
 To the extent license terms are known, they have been included in the
 license files packaged with the software.  Any source code that we are
 willing or obliged to provide has also been included.  The origin of this
 software may or may not be clear. Third Party Software – Unsupported
 software is intended to work in conjunction with QNX Neutrino RTOS;
 however, it is not supported by QSS.  If you decide to use this code, your
 use is entirely at your own risk with no representations, warranties,
 guarantees or otherwise by QSS. You may not use the QSS name or trademarks
 in or otherwise associate QSS with any use or further distribution of this
 software.  You hereby agree to indemnify and hold QSS harmless from and
 against any claim or action arising out of any use or distribution of such
 software.
